# Russian Word Profiler - react frontend

> react frontend

## Table of Contents

<!-- toc -->

  * [Install](#install)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
    + [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  * [App](#app)
    + [Initialization](#initialization)
    + [Examples](#examples)
  * [MainEditor](#maineditor)
    + [Redux Store Interaction](#redux-store-interaction)
    + [Parameters](#parameters)
    + [Examples](#examples-1)
  * [FormattedOutput](#formattedoutput)
    + [Redux Store Interaction](#redux-store-interaction-1)
    + [Examples](#examples-2)
  * [SynonymReplacer](#synonymreplacer)
    + [Redux Store Interaction](#redux-store-interaction-2)
    + [Parameters](#parameters-1)
    + [Examples](#examples-3)

<!-- tocstop -->

## Install

Installation instructions here

# Documentation

<!-- api -->
<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [App][1]
    *   [Initialization][2]
    *   [Examples][3]
*   [MainEditor][4]
    *   [Redux Store Interaction][5]
    *   [Parameters][6]
    *   [Examples][7]
*   [FormattedOutput][8]
    *   [Redux Store Interaction][9]
    *   [Examples][10]
*   [SynonymReplacer][11]
    *   [Redux Store Interaction][12]
    *   [Parameters][13]
    *   [Examples][14]

## App

Main application component for the Russian Word Profiler.

### Initialization

On the initial load, the application displays an alert informing users about the project's new status and requesting bug reports.

### Examples

```javascript
return (
  <App />
)
```

## MainEditor

Main editor component for text input and analysis in the Russian Word Profiler.

### Redux Store Interaction

The component uses the following parts of the Redux store:

*   `textSlice.text`: The current text input by the user.

The component dispatches the following Redux actions:

*   `setText`: Action to update the text input in the Redux store.

### Parameters

*   `props` **[Object][15]** The props for MainEditor.

    *   `props.placeholder` **[string][16]** The placeholder text for the text input area. (optional, default `"Text Here."`)

### Examples

```javascript
return (
  <MainEditor placeholder="Enter your text here." />
)
```

## FormattedOutput

Component for displaying the formatted output of the analyzed text in the Russian Word Profiler.
It highlights words based on their frequency band and allows synonym replacement.

### Redux Store Interaction

The component uses the following parts of the Redux store:

*   `bandsSlice.bands`: An array of band objects used to determine the color and activity status of words.
*   `text.tokens`: The tokens from the input text.
*   `text.wordData`: The data associated with each word, including synonyms.

The component dispatches the following Redux actions:

*   `reset`: Action to reset the stats slice.
*   `setLemmaFrequencyDict`: Action to set the frequency dictionary for lemmas.
*   `setBandFrequencyDict`: Action to set the frequency dictionary for bands.

### Examples

```javascript
return (
  <FormattedOutput />
)
```

## SynonymReplacer

Dialog box component used to replace a selected word with one of its synonyms.

### Redux Store Interaction

The component uses the following parts of the Redux store:

*   `bandsSlice.bands`: An array of band objects used here to determine the colour of synonyms based on their rank.

The component dispatches the following Redux actions:

*   `changeWord`: Action to update the selected word in the Redux store.

### Parameters

*   `props` **[Object][15]** The props for SynonymReplacer.

    *   `props.active` **[boolean][17]** Whether the dialog box is active.
    *   `props.onClose` **[Function][18]** Function to close the dialog box.
    *   `props.selectedWord` **[Object][15]** The currently selected word and its details.

        *   `props.selectedWord.index` **[number][19]** The index of the selected word.
        *   `props.selectedWord.word` **[string][16]** The selected word.
        *   `props.selectedWord.colour` **[string][16]** The colour of the selected word.
        *   `props.selectedWord.synonyms` **[Array][20]** The list of synonyms for the selected word.

### Examples

```javascript
const selectedWord = {
  index: 1,
  word: 'example',
  colour: 'blue',
  synonyms: [
    { synonym: 'sample', rank: 1, lemma: 'sample' },
    { synonym: 'instance', rank: 2, lemma: 'instance' },
  ]
};
return (
  <SynonymReplacer active={true} onClose={() => {}} selectedWord={selectedWord} />
)
```

[1]: #app

[2]: #initialization

[3]: #examples

[4]: #maineditor

[5]: #redux-store-interaction

[6]: #parameters

[7]: #examples-1

[8]: #formattedoutput

[9]: #redux-store-interaction-1

[10]: #examples-2

[11]: #synonymreplacer

[12]: #redux-store-interaction-2

[13]: #parameters-1

[14]: #examples-3

[15]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[16]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[17]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[18]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[19]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[20]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

<!-- apistop -->
